Update headline features for Foreman 3.1 (#1923)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/3.1/1.2_release_notes.md

## Release notes for {{page.version}}

### Headline features

> #### Improvements and additions to the new Host Details page:

Author: @amirfefer if you think I should add or remove something then request to comment.

## Release notes for {{page.version}}

### Headline features

#### Improvements and additions to the new Host Details page:
The new Host Details page is no longer experimental, although it is still not the default one. One can change `Settings` -> `New hosts details UI` to Yes to make it the default option. There are few new tabs added on this page,

* ##### Insights tab
The recommendations are available for the hosts in the Insights tab when using RHEL with a Red Hat cloud subscription.
It is feasible to begin remediation for the suggested remedies (if any are available).

* ##### Ansible tab
It has the ability to manage Ansible roles and variables.
The recurring jobs for the host can also be scheduled from the Ansible tab.

* ##### PatternFly 4 Search tab
A contemporary search experience is provided by the new search bar. It's the beginning of an eventual transition to PatternFly 4 for many UI components in the future.

* ##### New Build button and card for BMC Power Management

> New modals for build button and BMC Power Management is available which improves exprience of new Host Details page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New modals for a build button and BMC Power Management is available, which improves exprience of new Host Details page.
```

#### Descriptions for all of the provisioning templates:
Over a hundred new descriptions have been added to provisioning templates, snippets, and scripts to assist users understand particular usage and use them in an effective manner.

#### The purge:puppet task:

> There is addition of rake task foreman-rake purge:puppet to purge puppet data if Puppet ENC functionality is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new foreman-rake purge:puppet task has been added to purge Puppet data if Puppet ENC functionality is not required.
```

## Release notes for {{page.version}}

### Headline features

#### Improvements and additions to the new Host Details page:
The new Host Details page is no longer experimental, although it is still not the default one. One can change `Settings` -> `New hosts details UI` to Yes to make it the default option. There are few new tabs added on this page,

* ##### Insights tab
The recommendations are available for the hosts in the Insights tab when using RHEL with a Red Hat cloud subscription.
It is feasible to begin remediation for the suggested remedies (if any are available).

* ##### Ansible tab
It has the ability to manage Ansible roles and variables.
The recurring jobs for the host can also be scheduled from the Ansible tab.

> New PatternFly 4 search bar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
